Docs handbook - Review of index and week 1 (#2092)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/Release-Timeline.md

    - [Clean up access](#clean-up-access)
- [Celebrate](#celebrate)

---

## Overview

For each release, the schedule with deliverables is added to the release directory. This section talks about specific Docs Lead deliverables for each milestone in the release timeline.

Read the release timeline and **make sure the timeline includes deadlines for documentation work**, e.g: [1.21 timeline](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/releases/release-1.21#timeline):

> - Docs deadline - Open placeholder PRs (~3.5 weeks before release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docs deadline - Open placeholder PRs (~3.5 weeks before release and shortly after Code Freeze)
```

- Docs deadline - PRs ready for review (~2 weeks before release)
- Docs complete - All PRs reviewed and ready to merge (~1 week before release)

If these deadlines aren't listed in the release timeline, request that the Release Lead add them.
Define deadlines clearly e.g. eod PST is not clear if eod is 5pm or 11:59am PST.

> Objetives of the Doc Team:
> - By default all the KEPs will `Need Docs`.
> - Track the doc-PR for the KEPs in the [website](https://github.com/kubernetes/website) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responsibilities of the Docs Team:
- Same as [Docs Lead responsibilities](../docs#docs-lead-responsibilities)
- Track Doc PRs for KEPs in the [website](https://github.com/kubernetes/website) project.
- By default, all opted-in KEPs will `Need Docs`. Enhancement owners/contributors should confirm the enhancement does not need new or updated documentation.
```

    - [Clean up access](#clean-up-access)
- [Celebrate](#celebrate)

---

## Overview

For each release, the schedule with deliverables is added to the release directory. This section talks about specific Docs Lead deliverables for each milestone in the release timeline.

Read the release timeline and **make sure the timeline includes deadlines for documentation work**, e.g: [1.21 timeline](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/releases/release-1.21#timeline):

> - Docs deadline - Open placeholder PRs (~3.5 weeks before release and shortly after Code Freeze)

Reviewer 2: We should explicitly state who is responsible for opening the placeholder PRs. In my experience it's the KEP owners or someone from the same SIG - as opposed to members of the Docs release team.

Author: Put the reminders is responsible of the Docs team, I will try to improve the text

- Docs deadline - PRs ready for review (~2 weeks before release)
- Docs complete - All PRs reviewed and ready to merge (~1 week before release)

If these deadlines aren't listed in the release timeline, request that the Release Lead add them.

> Define deadlines clearly e.g. eod PST is not clear if eod is 5pm or 11:59am PST.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define deadlines clearly e.g. End of Day (EOD) PST is not clear if EOD is 5:00 PM or 11:59 AM PST.
```

    - [kubernetes-release-team-shadows](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/release-team-shadows)
        - ⚠️  List of members for this group is managed in git. Please create a PR against `kuberenetes/sig-release` repo to include your email under `release-team-shadows` group in [`sig-release/group.yaml`](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/main/groups/sig-release/groups.yaml)

Early in the release cycle, the Enhancements Lead opens a github project, e.g: [the 1.26 Enhancement Tracking](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/1). Later in the release this spreadsheet will contain important information for docs, check the Docs view [here](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/6):

- Which enhancements we'll be tracking for this release
- Feature owners (and their GitHub IDs)
- Links to docs PRs opened for each enhancement - Docs PR

> - Docs Required? - By default Needs doc

Reviewer 3: I think the label is "Needs Docs"?

    - [kubernetes-release-team-shadows](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/release-team-shadows)
        - ⚠️  List of members for this group is managed in git. Please create a PR against `kuberenetes/sig-release` repo to include your email under `release-team-shadows` group in [`sig-release/group.yaml`](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/main/groups/sig-release/groups.yaml)

> - Make sure you're included in the "official" release team file, e.g: [release 1.21](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release-1.21/release-team.md). If not submit a PR and add yourself.

Reviewer 2: It looks like you may have deleted this section. Was that intentional? If not, it looks like it should be re-added.

Author: yes! It's duplicated. it's in the list `⚠️ Tasks to DO`

> Early in the release cycle, the Enhancements Lead opens a github project, e.g: [the 1.26 Enhancement Tracking](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/1). Later in the release this spreadsheet will contain important information for docs, check the Docs view [here](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/6):

Reviewer 2: It would be worth adding more detail about how to open a GitHub Project. @reylejano could you add steps here? I'm not sure how essential this is, but I believe GitHub Project should be capitalized: 

```suggestion
Early in the release cycle, the Enhancements Lead opens a GitHub Project, e.g: [the 1.26 Enhancement Tracking](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/1). Later in the release this spreadsheet will contain important information for docs, check the Docs view [here](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/6):
```

Reviewer 4: > It would be worth adding more detail about how to open a GitHub Project

This is sort of under discussion https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/issues/2109 but probably will be done via enhancements team
